# Shell-Scripts
No modified backup script, feel free to use
## KCPTUN
In theory, the script supports most Linux distributions (x86 and x64)
Updated to v20, the previous version is directly updated, and the switch to the kcptun.sh file directory is preferred.

     wget --no-check-certificate https://github.com/jcry/shell-scripts/raw/master/kcptun/kcptun.sh
     chmod +x ./kcptun.sh
     ./kcptun.sh
 
### Supervisor Related commands：

    service supervisord {start|stop|restart|status}
    
### Kcptun Related commands：

    supervisorctl {start|stop|restart|status} kcptun
    
When the Supervisor is started, Kcptun is started at the same time. When the kcptun related command is run, the Supervisor is started.

### Other instructions
Note: The following commands must be executed in the kcptun.sh directory.

1.If you want to speed up the new port, please use：

    ./kcptun.sh add

2.View log：

    ./kcptun.sh log <id>
    
3.View configuration information：

    ./kcptun.sh config <id>

Do not understand the order, please use：

    ./kcptun.sh help

============================================================================================
## OpenVZ platform Google BBR one-click installation script

Tested system： Ubuntu 14.04 x64、Ubuntu 16.04 x64、CentOS 6 x64、CentOS 7 x64 Only supports 64-bit systems，Must be glibc version 2.14 or higher.

    wget https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jcry/shell-scripts/master/ovz-bbr/ovz-bbr-installer.sh
    chmod +x ovz-bbr-installer.sh
    ./ovz-bbr-installer.sh

Unloading requirements：

    ./ovz-bbr-installer.sh uninstall

### Multi-port acceleration
Default one acceleration port, you need multi-port acceleration, manually modify the file：

    vi /usr/local/haproxy-lkl/etc/port-rules

Use the systemctl or service command to start, stop, and restart HAporxy-lkl:

    systemctl {start|stop|restart} haproxy-lkl
    
    service haproxy-lkl {start|stop|restart}
    
/usr/local/haproxy-lkl/etc/haproxy.cfg This file is automatically generated by port-rules and will be regenerated each time it is started, so it is useless to modify its configuration directly. If you want to customize the configuration, please modify the startup file:

    vi /usr/local/haproxy-lkl/sbin/haproxy-lkl
    
### BBR is working properly
To determine if BBR starts normally, you can try ping 10.0.0.2. If it works, BBR has started.

Verify iptables rules：

    iptables -t nat -nL

=============================================================================
## Thanks for the script and tutorial for expanding the blog.
### Detailed link
[KCPTUN](https://blog.kuoruan.com/110.html)   
[OpenVZ-BBR](https://blog.kuoruan.com/116.html)   
